feat readme: Add docs and license (#11)
userver-framework/uservice-dynconf: README.md

# uservice-dynconf
The service to control [dynamic configs](https://userver-framework.github.io/dd/d2c/md_en_schemas_dynamic_configs.html) of the other userver-based services.

Service using postgres db version 10+

The service is ready to use. Web interface for configs administration would be added soon.

## Run uservice-dynconf

```sh
# Clone the service
git clone git@github.com:userver-framework/uservice-dynconf.git && cd uservice-dynconf && git submodule update --init

# Create schemas and struct db for storage configs
psql -f ./postgresql/schemas/uservice_dynconf.sql

# Full db default value configs
psql -f ./postgresql/data/default_configs.sql

# Run build or install (optional Env PREFIX set install dir)
make install

# Run service
uservice-dynconf --config /etc/uservice-dynconf/config_vars.yaml
```

## HowTo configure other userver-based microservices to use uservice-dynconf

> In [`file static_configs.yaml`](https://github.com/userver-framework/service_template/blob/develop/configs/static_config.yaml.in#L22) set:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In [file `static_configs.yaml`](https://github.com/userver-framework/service_template/blob/develop/configs/static_config.yaml.in#L22) of the microservice add the following lines to connect and retrieve configurations from the `uservice-dynconf`:
```

```yaml
        taxi-configs-client:

>             config-url: http://localhost:8083

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            config-url: http://localhost:8083  # uservice-dynconf address
```

The service to control [dynamic configs](https://userver-framework.github.io/dd/d2c/md_en_schemas_dynamic_configs.html) of the other userver-based services.

The service is ready to use. Web interface for configs administration would be added soon.

> ## Run uservice-config

Reviewer: У сервиса другое имя

> To create your own userver-based service follow the following steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

1. Clone the service `git clone git@github.com:userver-framework/uservice-dynconf.git && cd uservice-dynconf && git submodule update --init`

> 2. Run postgresql (support Postgres-10+)

Reviewer: кажется 12 - минималка, но это не точно

3. Create db and run sql file ./postgresql/schemas/uservice_dynconf.sql - this file create schemas and struct db for storage configs
4. Run sql file ./postgresql/data/default_configs.sql - this file full your db default configs for service based userver framework
5. Run `PREFIX=/usr/local make install`
6. Setting db parameters in `/usr/local/etc/uservice-dynconf/config_vars.yaml`

> 7. Run `/usr/local/bin/uservice-dynconf --config /usr/local/etc/uservice-dynconf/config_vars.yaml`

Reviewer: Длинноватая инструкция и сложная. Тут надо упрощать, особенно непонятно чот делать в шаге 3 и 2

> ## Using this another userver microservices

Reviewer: Неопнятно что написано

In `file static_configs.yaml` set:
```yaml
components_manager:
    components:
        taxi-configs-client:

>             config-url: http://localhost:8083

Reviewer: Нужно наверное сделать на примере service_template - сделать ссылку на кусок конфигурации, куда вставлять новые параметры

            http-retries: 5
            http-timeout: 20s
            service-name: microservice-name
        taxi-config-client-updater:
            config-settings: false
            fallback-path: dynamic_config_fallback.json
            full-update-interval: 1m
            load-only-my-values: true
            store-enabled: true
            update-interval: 5s
```

> ## Http api

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## HTTP API
```

> Http api uservice-dynconf described in OpenAPI format in [file](https://github.com/userver-framework/uservice-dynconf/blob/develop/docs/api/api.yaml)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
HTTP REST API of the uservice-dynconf is described in OpenAPI format in [file](https://github.com/userver-framework/uservice-dynconf/blob/develop/docs/api/api.yaml)
```

## Makefile

> Makefile contains typicaly useful targets for development:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Makefile contains useful targets for development:
```

* `make build-debug` - debug build of the service with all the assertions and sanitizers enabled
* `make build-release` - release build of the service with LTO
* `make test-debug` - does a `make build-debug` and runs all the tests on the result
* `make test-release` - does a `make build-release` and runs all the tests on the result
* `make` or `make all` - builds and runs all the tests in release and debug modes
* `make format` - autoformat all the C++ and Python sources
* `make clean-` - cleans the object files
* `make dist-clean` - clean all, including the CMake cached configurations

Edit `Makefile.local` to change the default configuration and build options.

> # License
> 
> The original template is distributed under the [Apache-2.0 License](https://github.com/userver-framework/userver/blob/develop/LICENSE) and [CLA](https://github.com/userver-framework/userver/blob/develop/CONTRIBUTING.md). Services based on the template may change the license and CLA.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# License

Distributed under the [Apache-2.0 License](https://github.com/userver-framework/userver-dynconf/blob/develop/LICENSE) with the [CLA](https://github.com/userver-framework/userver-dynconf/blob/develop/CONTRIBUTING.md).
```
